Add --copy-pages option to copy pages.jsonl/extraPages.jsonl directly to WACZ (#43)
webrecorder/py-wacz: README.md

wacz create tests/fixtures/example-collection.warc -p passed_pages.jsonl
```

### -e --extra-pages

Overrides the extra pages index generation with the passed extra jsonl pages.

```
wacz create tests/fixtures/example-collection.warc -p passed_pages.jsonl -e extra_pages.jsonl
```

### -c --copy-pages

> Overrides the behavior of --pages and --extra-pages options to copy existing pages.jsonl and/or extraPages.jsonl as-is directly into the WACZ rather than parsing their contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overrides the behavior of --pages and --extra-pages options to copy existing pages.jsonl and/or extraPages.jsonl as-is directly into the WACZ rather than attempting to match each page to WARC record. The files are still parsed for basic correctness
```
